###"Parking Lot (Skit)"###

[Teller:]
(Don't kill me)

[Eminem:]
Hurry the fuck up!
[Shot]
Thank you!
[Eminem running]
Go, go, go (what the f... uck?)
What the fuck are you doing?
Mothafucker bail on me? Fuck you!
[Car stop working]
Aw, you gotta be fucking kidding me...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Shit!
Get off
[Shot the dog]
(Haha)
[Wheezing]
The parking lot
Shit, ah!

###"He Got Game"###

If man is the father then the son
Is the center of the earth
In the middle of the universe
Then why is this verse coming
Six times rehearsed
Don't freestyle much so
I write 'em like such
Amongst the fiends
Controlled by the screens
What does it all mean
All this shit I'm seein
Human beings scream vocal javelins
Signs of a local nigga unravelin'
My wandering
Got my ass wondering
Where Christ is
In all this crisis
Hatin' Satan
Never knew what nice is
Check the papers
While I bet on Isis
More than your eyes can see
And ears can hear
Year by year
All the sense disappears
Nonsense perseveres
Prayers laced wit fear
Beware
2 triple 0 is near

It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin'
But damn the game
If it don't mean nuttin'
What is game who got game
Where's the game
In life
Behind the game
Behind the game
I got game
She got game
We got game
They got game
He got game
It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin
But the fuck the game if it ain't saying nothin'

Damn was it somethin I said
Pretend you don't see
So you turn your head
Race scared of it's shadow
Does it matter?
Thought areparations
Got 'em playin' wit the population
Nothing to lose
Everything's approved
People used
Even murders excused
White men in suits
Don't have to jump
Still there's 1001 ways
To lose wit the shoes
God takes care of ol' folks and fools
While the devil takes care
Of makin' the rules
Folks don't even own themselves
Payin mental rent
To corporate presidents
1 outta 1 million residents
Be a dissident
Who ain't kissin' it
The politics of chains and whips
Got the sick
Missin' chips and championships
What's love got to do
Wit what you got
Don't let a win get to your head
Or a loss to your heart
Nonsense perseveres
Prayers heed wit fear
Beware
2 triple 0 is near

It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin
But damn the game
If it don't mean nuttin'
What is game who got game
Where's the game
In life
Behind the game
Behind the game
I got game
She got game
We got game
They got game
He got game
It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin
But the fuck the game if it ain't saying nothin

Yeah that's right
Everybody got game
But we just here to let you all know
That PE is in full effect
From right now until the year 2000
Hey yo my man sing it

There's something happening yeah
What it is ain't exactly clear
There's a man with a gun over there
Telling me I've got to be ready
It's time we stop chilling
What's that sound
Everybody look what's going down
It's time we stop chilling
What's that sound
Everybody look what's going down

Hey yo these are some serious times that we living through g
And a new world order is about to begin
You know what I'm saying
Now the question is are you ready
For the real revolution
Which is the evolution of the mind
If you seek then you shall find
That we all prove from the divine
You dig what I'm saying
Now if you take heed
To the words of wisdom
That are written on the walls of life
Then universally we will stand
And divided we will fall
Cause love conquers all
You understand what I'm saying
This is a call to all you sleeping souls
Wake up and take control of your own cipher
And be on the look out for the spirits tonight
Trying to steal your light
You know what I'm saying
Look what beside yourself
For peace
Give thanks
Live life
And release
You dig me
You got me

###"Tryin' Ta Win"###

[Stat Quo]
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Stat Quo, Alchemist, YEA!

In retrospect, due to stress I almost lost my life
My baby momma so much drama I gotta pay that price
I'm a trip, I hate hoes on one hand
The other hand I want me a wife
Cop the Jag then lace her with ice
Leave the mall with bags, yeah right!
Skeet on that freak then dip the same night
Fly a kite bitch, booty colder than a ice pick
Fuck you and your best friend, I'm quite slick
Plus it's my third leg make 'em throw fits
I don't trust 'em nor love her - that's some bullshit!
Ol' girl pregnant, now she's headed
To the delivery room to have yo' baby
Dawg, that's your lady - muh'fucker you crazy!
Fuck that broad, she's shady
Aftermath bitch I'm sway-zy
I was latex lazy, that pussy had my vision hazy
But Zaire's here, my only son and baby
I mean Zaire's here, my only son and baby

[Hook: repeat 2X]
I lost a whole lotta dollars, a whole lotta friends
Who can I trust in the end?
As the, love keeps spinnin, we all keep sinnin
All cause we tryin to win (all cause we tryin to win)

[Stat Quo]
I don't roll with a whole lot of niggas
The mo' niggas you roll with, the mo' niggas wanna KILL YA
Thought they was your la familia
Now you're tied up blindfolded, and death is near ya
Fucked in the game and act like dames
Over fame just watch the change, change
Muh'fuckers so quick to blame
All the beef fly like planes, make it sayin the same
Look what +Ca$h Money+ did to B.G., Juvenile and Wayne
The root of evil with much disdain
Of course they go against the grain
To maintain, tryin to obtain big thangs
Jealousy and hunger make the tec go {*boom*}
Now you on the flo', blood leakin out your brain
Mannn, that's the way it is
That's how it be, that's how we live
Watch your back, cause these kids
Tote ammo and they'll split your wig

[Hook] - 2X w/ ad libs

{*music fades*}
[Eminem] Shady Narcotics
[50 Cent] Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Shady!

###"Ken Kaniff (Skit)"###

[Ken Kaniff] 
Call this motherfucker [dial tone]
Ohh fuck yeah
Give 'im a piece of my mind....
A piece of my ass

[Operator]
Thanks for waiting
This is [sound dipped]
May I help you?

[Ken Kaniff]
Oh thank you
I need to make a collect call

[Operator]
What number?

[Ken Kaniff]
Ohhh
The number's [sound dipped] 62 [sound dipped]

[Automated Operator]
At the tone, please say your name (beep)

[Ken Kaniff]
Kennith Kaniff....from Connecticut
Automated piece of shit

[phone rings, man answers - presumably supposed to be Eminem]

[Man] Yo
[Ken Kaniff] Hey there cockboy
[Man] Who's this?
[Ken Kaniff] This is Ken Kannif
[Man] Who?
[Ken Kaniff] Ken Kannif from Connecticut, ya little bitch
[Man] From Connecticut?
[Ken Kaniff] Yean you wanna get a...
[Man] I don't know nobody in Connecticut
[Ken Kaniff] You wanna get a hotel room with me?
[Man] A hotel room?
[Ken Kaniff] Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM!?
[Man] Ha.. Yo, wh, who is this? Cage?
[Ken Kaniff] Hey, pa ha..
You want me ta fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand? 
Melt in your ass, ya little cockboy
[Man] He k-k-k-k
Yo shut up you little bitch
[Ken Kaniff] Oh you think I'm lyin huh?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha

###"Everything Is Shady"###

Pussies
[More tired gunfire- scary!]
Fall in and get quoted yall
Yeah
It's Cashis
Welcome to the Shady game
G's up

Obie went plat
He back with another classic
50 went Diamond
Smashed twice bastards
D-12 multi back to back
Eminem the hardest sellin artist in rap
Stat quo the mixtape messiah
In the phantom
About to run the A
When we drop stanlanta
Bobby Creek
You know his motherfuckin' name nigga
Bobby Creek
He ain't no motherfuckin' name nigga
I'm Cashis
Mixtape was a classic
Ep is a classic
LP is that shit
Dark park
Money and all
But much more
Told me go all out
Serve em all homeboy
I'm a west nigga
A midwest nigga
I'm the best nigga
Cause we the best niggas
From street team to GM
To BP
This ain't a crime family
This rap family is a dream team

[Somebody who sounds like he's holding his nose]
We took a break for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady's
We took a break for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady's

Kill the cash hard
Bout to smash frauds
Puttin' fast broads
Through the windport
I can handle narcs
When the candle sparks
You hit the ground
And I snatch the bandana
We ridin' out
It's shady game nigga
Hope ya bulletproof
Fuck lame nigga
Know who I'm talkin' to
Glad ya man did
You bout to get it too
Rest with your fam man
This a cold game
Played by the coldest man
Everything ya see
The 7 4 k
Sell the of cocaine
I'm a dopeman
Plus I'm holdin' weight
Cause I'm the dope man
A west coast gangsta
[Lyrics from: https:/lyrics.az/eminem/eminem-presents-the-re-up/everything-is-shady.html]
Chi-town gold
Interstate runner
Watch me drive a brick through
And we ain't backin' down
Way past rappin' now
Right before my album drop
My homeboys'll clap you down

[Somebody who sounds like he's holding his nose]
We took a break for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady's
We took a break for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady's

A born winner
Similar to familiar
County hound comin' to burn your whole city up
I catch ya up in the club
Empty the 5th on ya
You all know it's pussy
By Vivica
I'm the realest nigga
Ya wanna mob with me
If you a dealer nigga
You can get blocks from me
I hand rocks and jeans
The cream
Glocks and things
To mark seven
Throw 6
Got with the team
Now I'm on the scene
Reachin' out
Bein' a celebrity bring me more bitches
In a position to watch by more nitches
And place at the end of the plots
I hold niggas
Figures
Urban peaces, greases
Last week to the point a police was shot
And if niggas wanna know what I been bout lately
Nigga take it how ya want it
Rap with Shady

[Somebody who sounds like he's holding his nose]
We took a break for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady's
We took a break for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady's

Everything is Shady's
Up from the west coast
And the midwest
Cashis
Boast boy
Block boys
We pioneerin' this
In the race to be legends
Cash
Tie die
I'm a Shady gangsta nigga

###"Forgot About Dre"###

[Dr Dre]
Ya'll know me still the same OG
But I been low key
Hated on by most these niggas
With no cheese, no deals and no G's, no wheels and no keys
No boats, no snowmobiles and no skis
Mad at me cause
I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies
But ya'll think I'm gonna let my dough freeze
Ho Please
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees?
Who you think brought you the oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C's, the Snoop D O double G's
And a group that said motherfuck the police?
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales wasn't doing too good
Who's the doc that they told you to go see?
Ya'll better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop
Or the Firm flopped
ya'll are the reason Dre ain't been getting no sleep
So fuck ya'll all of ya'll
If ya'll don't like me blow me
Ya'll are gonna keep fucking around with me
And turn me back to the old me

[Chorus 2x - Eminem:]
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

[Eminem]
So what do you say to somebody you hate?
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way
Just study your tape of NWA.
One day I was walking by
With a Walkman on
When I caught a guy give me an awkward eye (what you looking at?)
And strangled him off in the parking lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
But I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage
Hopping out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too, bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfucking barking dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out (Right Here)
so from here on out it's the Chronic 2
Starting today and tomorrow's the new
And I'm still loco enough
To choke you to death with a Charleston chew
[Record scratch]
Slim shady hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
And the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Calling men ladies
Sorry Doc but I been crazy
There is no way that you can save me
It's OK go with him Hailie (Dadda?)

[Chorus 2x]

[Dr Dre]
If it was up to me
You motherfuckers would stop coming up to me
With your hands out looking up to me
Like you want something free
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumping me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me
Cause I'm from the streets of Compton
I told 'em all
All them little gangstas
Who you think helped mold 'em all
Now you wanna run around and talk about guns
Like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all
Cause I stay well off
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off
What, cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad
Tryna get this damn label off
I ain't having that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gonna be nothing after that
So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap
You can have it back
So where's all the mad rappers at?
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats
Knew that I was strapped with gats
When you were cuddling a cabbage patch

###"Steve Berman"###

Mr. Berman?
What?
We have Eminem here to see you
About fuckin' time! Send him in
Steve! Good to see ya, man. Um, hey, I just w–
Well, look who decided to show his face!
I hope you've had fun in the last four years
Look man, I apologize again for–
For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
Again, it was a mistake, a terrible mist–
Are you wearing a bulletproof vest?
And then you go and do what? Hide out?
Stay in Detroit for almost five years
While the music industry melts the fuck down?
Do you know how many people lost their jobs
Because of your fuckin' vacation?
Well, that's actually why I'm here
I was gonna put out some new music
And I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion
Do I really need to hear it?
Let me guess, another album about: "Poor me!
I'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life
And I'm such a tortured artist, let me make music about it
And my tragic love life!" Am I on to something here?
Come on, man, it's not like that
You know what? Just hand the fuckin' thing over!
I'm done talkin' to you!
Think you can just come and go as you please
Big selfish superstar?
Steve, I had a drug problem!
"Oh, poor me! I had a drug problem!"
Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town?
You know what? (*gun cocks*)
Hey! hey!
Just lay the shit down on my desk and get the fuck out!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Jesus Christ, man
Alright, alright, here, fine
What's this shit? Two CDs?
That's what I've been tryin' to tell you, man, there's two albums
Just get out!
Alright!
Get the fuck out!
Alright, man, see you later

###"My 1st Single"###

Oh! 
Yeah
So much for 1st single on this one
Shady's the label, Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out of 'erp
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as Mrs. Butterworth's syrup
It's the Mr. Picked-On-Christopher-Reeves-Just-For-No-Reason
Other than to just tease him
'Cause he was his biggest (burp) fan
He used to be Superman
Now I'm pourin' liquor on the curb in his name for him
"Eminem you wait 'til we meet up again
Fucker I'm kicking your ass for everything you've ever said"
It goes one for the money two for the fuckin' show
Ready, get set, let's go
Here comes the buckin' bronco
Stompin' and stampedin' up the damn street like them buffalo
Soldiers I told ya
I'm about to blow so look out below, Geronimo
Motherfuckers it's dominoes
I'm on a roll, around and around I go
When will I stop? I don't know
Tryin' to pick up where the Eminem Show left off but I know
Anything's possible though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game that shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team I'll get away
With murder, I'm like O-J
He's like my Cochran today
We keep them Mark Ferman tapes in a safe
Locked 'em away
Better watch what you say just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to God you was playin'
Whether or not you was little Joshua Gosh
I wish I could of told you not to do the same
'Cause one day it could cost you your name
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that off so
Fuck it let's all have fun, let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh oh oh oh oh oh no
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Oh oh ah ah
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Poo poo ka ka
Eri-eri-Erick swallowed some generic
Sleeping pills, and woke up in bed next to his best friend Derrick bare-naked
Jig-a-jig-ji-ji-Janeane just turned sixteen and used a fake I-D
To sneak in V-I-P to see are Kelly
Hee-hee-hee-hee
To be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nicky's parents must be so tickled they cherish every picture
With their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hicky-dickory Dirk Diggler look at me work wizardry
With these words, am I a jerk or just jerk chicken?
Or jerk, jerkin your chain
Twenty two jerks in a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk
Or wait a minute what am I saying?
Allow me to run it back and rewind it
Wait let me ask you again
Am I just jerkin' your chain?
Am I berserk or insane?
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Working the dang cameras
Filmin' one of them Paris Hilton homemade
Porno's who keeps tiltin' the lens at an angle
Jigga-ji-just recently somebody just discovered Britney and Justin
Video tapes of 'em fuckin'
When they was just Musketeers in the Mickey Mouse Club and dusted 'em
And went straight to The Source with 'em
'Cause they could have sworn someone said ni
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it
You can hear the ga-uh
And then it come to
Find out it was Justin
Sayin' "I'm gonna cum!"
And this was supposed to be
My first single
But I just fucked that off so
Fuck it let's all have fun, let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh oh oh oh oh oh no
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Oh oh ah ah
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Poo poo ka ka
Any opinions or somethin' you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics
I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800 I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back as soon as there comes a day
That I fall out with Dre
Wake up gay and make up with Ray
Hey! So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken, beat a chicken
Eat a chicken like it's a big cock, big a big cock
Or suck a dick and lick a dick and eat a dick and stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
Fucker, fuck off
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that off so
Fuck it let's all have fun, let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh oh oh oh oh oh no
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Oh oh ah ah
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Poo poo ka ka

###"There He Is"###

[Bobby Creekwater]
Yesssss
Ladies and gentlemen (yeah man)
Bobby Creekwater, today's host
Today's narrator, yeah
(We do this shit every year around this time)
Today's what-the-fuck-ever you wanna call it
But I need y'all to sit back, and listen
Listen man (fuck what you write man, just go get 'em)
An executive mind frame, fuck tryin' to rap
Niggaz represent a corner, I refined the map
Artesian water, this is flow untapped
And rep for 'em like Mike on playoff night, that's if the payoff right
The dream team, Bobby Creek, Em, 50 and them
We run the city like Diddy and them
The opposition we just pityin' them, it's no chance
Put you niggaz in the special Olympics is no dance
I'm nice like a meal twice, nigga no grams
Get them bitches out they pants, I did it with no hands!
See, one thing's for sure I'm pure uncut
Baby you can either stay down or get gunned up
Mr. Night Life, I can give you niggaz sun up
I just get an order, let my niggaz pick the gun up
That's when I bone ya, nigga wake yo' punk ass up
This is ammonia, fuck your face up
Bitches won't even telephone ya
I can space age pimpin', a pocket full of stone ya
Ya dig? Take the world over that's the gig
Sell enough units have Paul and Jimmy dancin' the jig
Roll the Maserati through the city, me and Riggs
Bumpin' Obie Trice, shoot a bird at the pigs
Ever since a nigga got rich
Life is still a bitch but she a high class bitch
I just wanna fuck with me a high class bitch
Nigga pitch that on some eyeglass shit
See I classic, enough to get the mics back right
And I'm a fan of record sales, I don't like that hype
I'm here to end it
CHORUS
Oh Lord that nigga mean, ain't he? (Yeah)
Goddamn that nigga clean, ain't he? (Yeah)
See he a greedy baby
But some people tend to call him the return of Shady
There he is
Goddamn that nigga clean, ain't he? (Yeah)
Oh Lord that nigga mean, ain't he? (Yeah)
See he a greedy baby
But some people tend to call him the return of Shady
Bobby Creek
Yeah, yeah
Nice like Mike right, you niggaz soft as night lights
Diamond's a tall order I'm just tryin' to get the hype right
I'm throwed off, so hard, so soft, sold out
Bought the Coupe a color of nice weather and rolled out
I can't hold out, hot like a fish fried
Who the fuck is this guy? The ruler on the disc I
Hit you in your suit coolers, I'm in the Coupe cooler
than pigskin men base runners and hoop shooters
A loose screw ban money like the legendary Roots crew
This is just the shit that I am used to
Oh nah, I don't bust a chopper but I used to
Now I put the word out, I'm sure you niggaz heard 'bout
Young boss sold money, old school new paint
Ball knowin' you can't, give a fuck what you think
Member of the mighty Shady Records, nigga you ain't
Think you fuckin' with me then double whatever you drink
You can't fathom what the bitch throwin' at him
Couple niggaz hatin on him but the fans waitin' on him
like a, Play Station 3, money for your advance
My vacation fee, ain't no use in hatin me nigga
And don't shit-talk pimp, I'd rather flush
anyone with big enough nuts to come and fuck with us
I bust but keep in mind, pressure bust pipes
And you niggaz wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
What the fuck? (Yeah)

###"Stan"###

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray
Put your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad
It's not so bad
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray
Put your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad
It's not so bad
Dear Slim, I wrote you but still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'm a call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back,
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray
Put your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad
It's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
For four hours and you just said, "No."
That's pretty shitty man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein' lied to
Remember when we met in Denver, you said if I'd write you you would write back
See I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up, you gotta call me man
I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. we should be together too
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray
Put your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad
It's not so bad
Dear Mister "I'm Too Good To Call Or Write My Fans"
This will be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word, I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters, I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka
You dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night"
About that guy who could a saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you could a rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See Slim, shut up bitch! I'm tryin' to talk!
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray
Put your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad
It's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must of missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin' dog, come on, how fucked up is you?
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit will make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about, his name was, it was you
Damn!

###"We Ride For Shady"###

[Obie Trice]
We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip
Been ridin for Shady, Shady {*echoes*}

[Ca$his]
Geah, Ca$his know
Shady Records, the dream team, uh

Sittin in the back of the, all-gray Acura
Gun to the passenger for actin tough
Turn the wheel in the passin, heart of an assassin
Plus I'm on the draw down, quick as fuck
Last move 'fore I give all street shit up
Put a nigga in the ground face down, feet up
This nigga here tried to cuff me for my re-up
When I went to his crib he called police up
Now you on the way to bein paraplegic
For sendin messages through bitches like you go see us
Shady, Ca$h king of the dope fiends plus
Give 'em a square mile by blocks and I'm creamed up
Took the bullet out of Obie head, put it in my pistol
And use it, ammunition on the niggas they hit
Damn, I go to war on the regular man
Cause I'm part of the dream team, you a regular man
Far as rap I don't see no competitors and
You see things like me, with my medal in hand
I'm a state case boy with a federal plan
A hundred in beats, beatin the shit out skinheads
I'm the spirit of a G bringin lyrics of the street
I'm Ca$his, a real dope boy on the beat (beat)
Slumped in the seat tucked clutchin the heat
Basically, you niggas can't fuck with me, hah

[Hook One: Ca$his]
We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip
Out to ride for Shady, yeah
Y'all niggas ain't hard, y'all niggas ain't real
[Lyrics from: https:/lyrics.az/eminem/eminem-presents-the-re-up/we-ride-for-shady.html]
Y'all niggas ain't crazy
Bring it on if you want, you don't know
The homicides that I've done lately
We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip
Out to ride for Shady

[Obie Trice]
Yeah, Trice is back on the Alche' track
With Ca$his, capitalizin on this mic in fact
We fuckin with the captain of rap
My nigga with the Nike cap keep the continuity quite exact
So allure your cats into the second classic
We're mature as the number uno aspect, as yet
Who'll surpass the drive of O Trice?
The flow to die fo' and the death blow survive (woo!)
I echo through your external vibe
With internal experiences I've acquired (uhh)
I'm probably the most honest hip-hopper alive
A victim depictin images from my own eyes (yeah!)
Never livin through homes, why?
Homie got his own set of cajones, stand up guy
It's Ca$his, O. Tri', rappers we blow by
This is as accurate as the masses will have it, no lie
Nigga!

[Hook Two: Obie Trice]
We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip
Been ridin for Shady (Shady, Shady)
Y'all niggas ain't dope, y'all niggas ain't skill
Y'all niggas ain't crazy (crazy)
Bring it on if you want, you don't know
The homicides that I got lately (nigga!)
We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip
Been ridin for Shady (Shady)

###"Whatever You Want"###

[Intro: Eminem]
Haha, Swifty Mcvay!
Mr. Porter, the Kon Artis (ha!)
I told you we wasn't leavin, c'mon!

[Swifty Mcvay]
I come from a jungle, with a trunk load of punk hoes (nigga)
Muzzle this animal, fuck with mechanical
Gun totin hazardous cutthroat, canteloupe can split it
And the Pope couldn't prevent me from shittin on niggaz
Fitted caps get blew back like bad wind, imagine backspinnin
Into a casket, it happens when bastards try to act masculine (hoe)
A hell raiser, I smack the skin off your man's face
So fast it'll leave acne on my hand when it land (hah!)
Placed in a class where professors came to school with Smith 'n Wessons
Just to teach us a lesson, had that ass hangin up with the flag (yeah)
Parental discretion, I'll send you a video
With me naked havin a session on my urinal (Respect it! Hah!)
When you kill in the nighttime and claimin yo' innocence
I'll be waitin ready to A. K. You and yo' egg Bene-dick {Ahh!}
Usin yo' balls to play tennis with (hah)
You'll be in some shit like flies and fuck the witnesses

[Chorus 2X: Swifty Mcvay]
(Motherfuck!) niggaz that doubt and thought we wasn't killin shit
(What!) Whatever you want, we providin it diligently
(Pump!) Double barrel wherever we go willingly
(Dumpin!) On opposition in the streets or industry

[Kon Artis A. K. A. Mr. Porter]
You was born I was hatched, but you came out deformed
I have nuts of a horse, and you ain't got no balls
Come runnin with tec-9's whenever niggaz would call
Bang-bang-bang, bang-bang, shoot up classway halls
I don't give a fuck, who you call to come
You came with thirty niggaz, I only came with one
That just goes to show you how much scrap a nigga got in me
You gone off Henny, that liquid courage drivin you into these
Situations you in, don't get that "Purple Pills" shit confused
With us bein cool up here singin "My Band"
I'm sure you see these little kids cryin over me man
They'll do anything for a fuckin autograph
So say that shit loud enough out of the fuckin crowd and
I'll show you the meanin of die-hard fans
Saddam Hussein who sews, who radical act
A mechanical bomb attached to my pelvis
That's what I mean by get, back

###"Guilty Conscience"###

Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old
Fed up with life and the way things are going
He decides to rob a liquor store
(I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes)
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play
(Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this)
Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience
That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!)
Drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude)
Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. (Give me a kiss!)
After meeting a young girl at a rave party
Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom
Once again, his conscience comes into play (Shit!)
Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie "Kid")
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail
Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker
After coming home from a hard day's work
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man
(What the fuck!)
(Grady!)
Alright calm down, relax, start breathin'
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitches head off!
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
What you say? (What's wrong?)
(Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'ma kill you motherfucker!
Uh-ah! Temper temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that, aw fuck it
What am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?

###"Killshot"###

You sound like a bitch, bitch
Shut the fuck up
When your fans become your haters
You done?
Fuck, your beard's weird
Alright
You yellin' at the mic, you weird beard
We doin' this once
Your beard's weird, why you yellin' at the mic?
Rihanna just hit me on the text
Last night I left hickeys on her neck
Wait, you just dissed me, I'm perplexed
Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next, damn
I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
Was watchin' 8 Mile on my Nordic Track
Realized I forgot to call you back
Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap
Stan, Stan, son, listen, man, dad isn't mad
But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun and have a man bun?
The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze
Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo"
So before you die let's see who can out-petty who
With your corny lines (Slim you're old)
Ow, Kelly, ooh, but I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you
By 29 I had three albums that had blew
Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do
Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
But you're a fuckin' mole hill, now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo!
Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
Gun, I bet you ain't a bow and arrow
Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead
Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still
Are you eating cereal, or oatmeal?
What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios?
'Cause I'm takin' a shit in 'em, Kelly, I need reading material
Dictionary
Yo Slim, your last four albums sucked
Go back to Recovery, oh shoot, that was three albums ago
What do you know? Oops, know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch?
Yeah, I had enough money in '02
To burn it in front of you, ho
Younger me? No, you're the whack me
It's funny, but so true
I'd rather be 80 year old me than 20 year old you
'Til I'm hitting old-aged still can fill a whole page with a 10 year old's rage
Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy
Go play, feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay
Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day
Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave
Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat
You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay
Next to Taylor Swift, and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow
Kelly, they'll be putting your name
Next to Ja, next to Benzino, die, motherfucker
Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailey in vain
Alien brain, you Satanist (yeah)
My biggest flops are your greatest hits
The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
So before I slay this bitch, mwah, give Jade a kiss
Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (the fuck?)
Bein' rich, aimed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name
Now I gotta cock back, aim, yeah, bitch, pop champagne to this
It's your moment, this is it
As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
Had to give you a career to destroy it
Lethal injection, go to sleep six feet deep
I'll give you a B for the effort, but if I was three
Foot 11, you'd look up to me, and for the record
You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second
Lick a ballsack to get on my channel
Give your life to be this solidified
This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets
So what fuckin' good is a machine gun when it's out of ammo?
Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
How the fuck can him and I battle?
He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel
I'll give him my sandals
'Cause he knows long as I'm Shady, he's gon' have to live in my shadow
Exhausting, letting off on my offspring
Like a gun barrel, bitch, get off me
You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
You're fuckin' salty 'cause young Gerald's balls-deep inside of Halsey
Your red sweater, your black leather
You dress better, I rap better
That a death threat or a love letter?
Little white toothpick
Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick
Thanks for dissing me
Now I had an excuse on the mic to write, Not Alike
But really, I don't care who's in the right
But you're losin' the fight you picked
Who else want it, Kells?
Attempt fails, Budden, L's
Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle
Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still
But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
But Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits
That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah
I'm sick of you bein' whack
And still usin' that mothafuckin' AutoTune, so let's talk about it (let's talk about it)
I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
Need to get the cock up out it before we can even talk about it (talk about it)
I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Don't mean you are, and you're not about it
So just leave my dick in your mouth, and keep my daughter out it
You fuckin', oh
And I'm just playin', Diddy, you know I love you

###"The Real Slim Shady"###

May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (Agh!)
It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said, nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who, " "Yeah, but he's so cute though."
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee."
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me, walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
I'm like a head trip to listen to, ‘cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: "How can
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
It's funny, ‘cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let’s all stand up!

###"Dr West"###

Morning, Marshall
Morning, Doc
So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling?
Anxious
Anxiety?
Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world, nervous
Nervous? Come on, Marshall, you're a big boy now, sounding like a bit of a baby
You can do this; you found a sponsor yet?
Um, not yet, I mean, but when I get back
Well, if you find one, you find one; if you don't, you don't
Well, yeah, I mean, I gotta start going to meetings first and
Wait, what?
Well, I mean you don't absolutely have to go to meetings
And it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your schedule
I know you're a busy person
Well, yeah, but I thought sobriety was the most important thing?
So what else are you thinking?
Um, well, I know I gotta start practicing the steps
And, I mean, learning them, and start being able to apply them
The steps?
Yeah, the steps
There's a lot of them, aren't there?
Well, twelve
Christ, I don't even know them all
Really?
Anything else?
Um, well, I mean the only other question I have was like
What do I do if I find myself in a situation where
Maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that and I get tempted to?
Take a drink
What?
Take a drink and, you know, take the edge off
Take the edge off?
Man, if I ever take a drink, I already know what that's gonna lead me to
What, you mean these?
Man, what the fuck?
Marshall, what's the matter, darling?
Having some doubts are we?
Marshall, you can't leave me
You'll never leave me, Marshall
We'll always be together, Marshall
Marshall? Marshall?
No, no
Oh, shit

###"By My Side"###

Oh!
Stat quo
Here we go
Come on come on

You ready?
Let's do it man
Shady aftermath
Yeah
Where you keep that thing man
By my side
When you do somethin' to somebody
It ain't just you
It's someone next to you
By my side
Everywhere I go
By my side
That bein' the case
Let me tell you
Tell you bout by my side
By my side

The way I growed up
Showin' up
Chips on my shoulder
Knew about that cola
When I was in a stroller
Became a hauler
Choppin' them boulders
Gettin' older
Wantin' a rover
Duckin' them rollers
Meetin' quotas
Short and bipolar
Load up and c*** it
I told ya
One move in the wrong direction
Ain't no flexin'
And it's over
You want a doge a g
But you ain't a soldier
Chopper afford
You ain't cobra commander
You bolzer
I'm the composer
Writer of murder
The order
Leakin' out of
Your body temperature is gettin' colder
But you sweatin' like a person who ain't sober
Realizin' your life is comin' quickly to a closure
Losin' composure
Out of breath like you underwater
20 seconds in the game
And it's the 4th quarter
Primetime dateline
The best exposure
Now you still on the news
And everybody knows ya
Yeah

By my side
To all them niggas tryin' to get me
It's by my side
I'm takin' some of yall with me
It's by my side
I'm makin' sure they don't forget me
It's by my side
By my side
To all them niggas tryin' to get me
It's by my side
I'm takin' some of yall with me
It's by my side
I'm makin' sure they don't forget me
It's by my side
Juh juh juh yeah

Go on boy
Get yo vest
Protect your neck
Kill for fun
Watch how they run and scatter
When I go and pull out my gun
Call me ignorant and young
Psycho sicko negro
They know that I just fuckin' be gone
Drivin' crazy halfway dumb
Don't stop even when the law come
Believe every word out my lung
I'm losin' it
Snappin' huh
This ain't just no rappin' huh
Back all the way
Back when you see that strap
Cause it go duh duh duh da da
Are you ready to die
Tell me why you choose to tempt me
Am I
Face have your body drop
Pack that five
Look at my eye
Have your spirit below me
I'm floatin' in the fuckin' sky
All black is my attire
Lookin' like an umpire
Toss you in the trash
Like a bullshit album fly
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah

By my side
To all them niggas tryin' to get me
It's by my side
I'm takin' some of yall with me
It's by my side
I'm makin' sure they don't forget me
It's by my side
By my side
To all them niggas tryin' to get me
It's by my side
I'm takin' some of yall with me
It's by my side
I'm makin' sure they don't forget me
It's by my side
Juh juh juh yeah

The murder capitol moment
Yeah it's thrilla
Put four in ya head
Have you floatin' off in a river
It's cold you shook
We crooks
Your body'll quiver
These rappers act tough
But really they softer than pillows
Or chinchilla
Or Twinkie filler
For realla
They turn into serial assassins for some scrilla
Not me cause see I mean him yes this nigga
Stays true to what I do
Cause I keeps it realla
Be for real
Have you ever ever pulled a trigger
It's serious business
Yall
There's nothin' that's more illa
No discrimination
You can be chocolate or vanilla
And find yourself in the presence of a fuckin' killa

By my side
To all them niggas tryin' to get me
It's by my side
I'm takin' some of yall with me
It's by my side
I'm makin' sure they don't forget me
It's by my side
By my side
To all them niggas tryin' to get me
It's by my side
I'm takin' some of yall with me
It's by my side
I'm makin' sure they don't forget me
It's by my side
Juh juh juh yeah

###"Pistol Pistl"###

Yeah, welcome to Amityville (Detroit, nigga!)
The reason why rappers gotta pack pistols (Why is that?)
Slick criminal wit, the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this do
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol
Nigga, we violently active, so fuck with us
See I'm backwards, I slap niggas and punch bitches
Just for asking, they musta been wanting to meet the Lord
When my parents talked to me, they got mean mugged and ignored
They were snooping through my closet, seen drugs on the floor
Shells from the 44 scattered over they porch
Busting pistols in your windows with intentions to destroy you
Tryna break your neck to conversate? Bitch, I'll do it for you
Catch me laughing at your funeral when they lower you
You and your ho, you gots to go, bitches died slow and horrible
There's no tomorrow for any nigga we'll shower you
We young strapped and powerful and I ain't gotta lie to you
Stepped in the door, waving the 44
Blazing at po-po, escaping and lay low
They call my tongue ya-yo, but I spit fire
I lit five inside a fucking dick-rider
The clip slider, love to blast a Mag
You a fag, you love being ass to ass
Grab a gun by the nose with the butt to gat-spank ya
Never say that I'm a gangsta (Now that's gangsta)
Y'all niggas sound like Jigga but act like Pac
Yo my trigger got the flu and this gat might cough
It ain't nothing to tell, empty shells for the witness
I'm the hot nigga that's gon' put hell outta business
It won't be the same since we touching the game
Make the hardest nigga in your crew, tuck in his chain
Y'all think this shit's a game and I'm bluffing for fame?
I'll squeeze off this tec until nothing remains
Slick criminal wit, the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this do
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol
The only time that I'm at peace is when I'm close to one
Cause I don't know what's waiting for me when my vocals are done
Tote the gun, it's my way of life and it works
These cowardly niggas'll put your fucking life in the dirt
Cause it was wrong how they left my dog, he was priceless
Alone in the streets, bleeding, staring, laying lifeless
That's why I'm heated, you never know who starts creeping
Waking you up with AK's while you lie sleeping
I'd rather pack the heat and not need it
Rather than need one and not have it, I married this Glock-matic
You know the sound when I'm spinning round
Spitting these rounds from four pounds
While the whole crowd screaming as loud
From they mouths as they possibly allow?
Nothing is parallel to making you carousel
Aerial somersault like ferris wheels to a pair of shells
Denaun carry the nine where I go
Bullets whistle and hit you while I'm shooting at 5-0
Some semi-automatic for static's the motto
Spitting like *Columbine kids* from Colorado
Slick criminal wit, the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this do
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol
This nine'll turn a softy to a hard rock
It'll make Jehovah's Witnesses, think before they knock (Sorry, sorry!)
It'll make your grandmother come outta her purse
It'll make Limp Bizkit, get rid of Fred Durst
It'll make Holyfield start fighting
It'll make Mase say fuck church and go back to writing
It'll make Shyne say he sound like Biggie Smalls
It'll make R. Kelly, give respect to Aaron Hall
It'll make Christopher Reeves start walking
It'll make a dog with no voice, suddenly start barking
It'll make a nun turn to a filthy slut
It'll make the hardest pitbull, turn to a fucking mutt
It'll make a Muslim dye his hair blonde
It'll make a redneck start to read the Holy Qu'ran (Need Jesus!)
It'll make Ike stop beating Tina
It'll make Slim Shady fall back in love with Christina
Slick criminal wit, the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this do
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

###"Detriot Rap City"###

Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome u to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky

[ Verse 1 ] [ Eminem ]
Click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room
You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Good Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch
So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me
And the situation gets a little sticky
I'ma dial 911 like a mufuckin' punk, fuck that, bla bla
I'ma call that rude boi from Detroit Trick Trick
Quick come pick me up, bring them guns
Come to the club, meet me out front
There's some chump up in this bitch
Poppin' some junk cause he's drunk
And we may have to fuck his ass up
Cause uh somethin' smells a lil fishy
And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me
So homie come get me, Shut up boys what up though I see you
Rock Bottom, yea I see you, all my Detroit people
Where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky
Detroit mufuckas till we die

[ Chorus - Eminem ]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome u to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky

[ Verse 2 ] [ Trick Trick ]
Homie its been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that
Marshall call me 50? and laced the track
This the beat you hear it bangin', he produced it himself
My bad almost forgot to introduce myself
My name is Trick Trick, head of the Good Squad
And gangsta, been bangin' the underground since 95 we're bangin
Elected to be the villain, and certified a menace
Holdin' it down since I paroled, up outta prison
You heard about me, you just didn't know it was me
All the treacherous, evil deeds of the D you ever see
Pickin' that kid up in the game, I just wasn't chasin' the fame
I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain
Accusations of violence you know you done heard of that
A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap
And my boy holdin' me up, Shady done put it out
Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit back in the house

[ Chorus - Eminem ]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome u to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky

[ Verse 3 ] [ Trick Trick ]
Ayo Em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it
>From now on every beef that you get in homie I'm in it
I been ridin' for this city, whether wrong or right
I been whippin' on mothafuckas for the longest time
So its evident, its time for Trick to get it fast
The public, see they appreciate my criminal past
Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up
Got a fanbase thats bigger than an average star
I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine
And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes
I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can feel me
Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me
So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my nigga
He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner
So the gangstas and thugs, we embrace the love
And beat the hell outta anyone that fucks with us

[ Chorus - Eminem ]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs?
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome u to Detroit City
I said welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's whats good man they all say Tricky

[ Outro ] [ Trick Trick ]
Yeah. Trick Trick
Eminem, Wonder boy, Shady
It's goin down baby
Ayo Em I got your back my nigga
Damn right I said my nigga
That's my nigga
Tricky

###"Murder Murder"###

"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
"Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate"
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
Murder murder murder, and kill kill kill!
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
"Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate"
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
Murder murder murder, and kill kill kill!
Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands
The shit is in my hands, here's yo' life span
And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than
You grab a couple grand and lay up in Iceland
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied Nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets ya description and sketches ya
Then connects you as the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
'Cause I got a daughter to feed
And two hundred dollars ain't enough to water the seed, the best thing
Would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin' the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nothin' for her to be smoked
Then I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"
But I'm already wanted for sellin' Ki's
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
"Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate"
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
Murder murder murder, and kill kill kill!
Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out
We were backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut ya yakkin' mouth,
'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on "Set it Off" did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin', "Son, go in and call the police
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a lick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo sixty four
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And collided with an eighty-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, musta been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "truce truce!"
(Don't shoot!) Surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me!
It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnapps
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
"Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate"
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
Murder murder murder, and kill kill kill!
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
"Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate"
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"
Murder murder murder, and kill kill kill!

###"Deja Vu"###

As I fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict traits
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of Nighquil then I salivate
Start off with the Nighquil like I think I'll just have a taste
Couple sips of that then I gradually graduate
Too a harder prescription drug called Valium like ya that's great
I go to take just one and I end up like having eight
Now I need something in my stomach cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think with all I have at stake
Look at my daughters face
Mommy somethings is wrong with dad I think
He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me
And all he does is eat Dorritos and Cheetos
And he just fell asleep in his car eating Three Musketeers in the rear seat
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know, feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold, It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door,
Kinda feels like deja vu, I wanna get away from this place I do,
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why I just don't know
Maybe just a nice cold brew what's a beer
That's the devil in my ear I been sober a f***in' year
And that f***er still talks to me he is all I can f***in' hear
Marshall come on we'll watch the game it's the Cowboys and Buccaneers
And maybe if I just drink half I'll be halfed buzzed for half of the time
Who's that mastermind behind that little line
With that kind of rational man I got half a mind
Too have another half of gla** of wine sound asinine
Ya I know
But I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch look out for the wall aim for the couch I'm about to fall
I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncing ball
S*** must have knocked me out cause I ain't feel the ground at all
Wow what the f*** happened last night where am I
Man f*** am I hungover and god damn I got a head ache
S*** half a Vicodin why can't I?
"All systems ready for take off please stand by"
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know, feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold, It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door,
Kinda feels like deja vu, I wanna get away from this place I do,
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why I just don't know
So I take a Vicodin splash it hits my stomach and ahh
A couple weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high
Now I need it just not to feel sick ya I'm getting by
Wouldn't even be taking this s*** if Deshaun didn't die
Oh ya there's an excuse you lose proof so you use
There's new rules it's cool if it's helpin' you to get through
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze
What else is new f*** it what would Elvis do in your shoes
Now here I am three months later full blown relapse
Just get high until the kids get home from two homes relax
And since I'm convinced that I'm insomniac
I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take three naps
Just to be able to function throughout the day let's see
That's an Ambian each nap how many Valium, three
And that will average out to about one good hours sleep
Ok so now you see the reason how come he
Has taken four years just too put out an album B
See me and you we almost had the same outcome Heath
Cause that Christmas you know the Nomonia thing
It was bologna was it the Methadone ya think
Or the Hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos
Your vcr tape cases with you Ambian CR great places to hide ain't it
So you can lie to Hailie I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Elaina
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know, feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold, It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door,
Kinda feels like deja vu, I wanna get away from this place I do,
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why I just don't know

###"Love You More"###

You still love me?
Take this. [2 guns cock]
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! [2 shots]
The more you, put me through, 
The more it makes me want to come back to you, 
You say you hate me, I just love you more, 
You don't want me, I just want you more, 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me, 
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy, 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on, 
'cause you love me, and I love you more.
It's sick, but who could ever predict,
We'd be doin' the same shit,
We say we do it for our baby but we don't,
We do it for us, it's lust,
'cause neither one of us trusts each other,
So we fuck 'til we bust,
Then we cuss each other, out,
We know what it's about,
Shout 'til I throw you out the house,
You throw me out the house,
I throw you on the couch,
Punch you in the mouth,
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT,
And apologize after,
Laughter, pain, it's insane,
We're back in the same chapter again,
And it's sad but it's true,
When I'm layin' here with you,
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.
The more you, put me through, 
The more it makes me want to come back to you, 
You say you hate me, I just love you more, 
You don't want me, I just want you more, 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me, 
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy, 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on, 
'cause you love me, and I love you more.
'cause I hate you, do you hate me?
Good 'cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry,
It makes me want to just take you,
And just throw you on the bed,
And fuck you like I don't even know you,
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people,
You a slut but I'm equal, I'm a mutt,
We're both evil in our ways,
But neither one of us would ever admit it,
'cause one of us would have one up on the other,
So forget it,
We can make accusations, people spread rumors,
But they ain't got proof,
'Til they do it's just the two of us,
It's you and me, 'cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
But you gotta believe me to a degree,
'cause if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it,
Yeah I would 'cause the sex is too damn good,
If I ran who would I run to,
That would be this soft and warm,
So it's off and on, usually more off than on,
But at least we know that we share this common bond,
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on,
I hope, the only reason that I cope,
Is 'cause of that fact,
And plus I can bust in that,
And that's why...
The more you, put me through, 
The more it makes me want to come back to you, 
You say you hate me, I just love you more, 
You don't want me, I just want you more, 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me, 
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy, 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on, 
'cause you love me, and I love you more.
I could never understand it,
That's why I don't try,
From junior high until we both die,
It's silly ho why must we try,
Is it really so rough,
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
Try to pull each other's legs,
Until the other begs,
We're liein' to ourselves,
That's the beauty of it yeah,
'cause we truly love each other,
That's why we always fight,
And all we do is shove each other,
Every other fuckin' night,
And it's clear it ain't gonna change,
It's pent up rage,
We both have,
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
We've both been,
Someone else's someone else,
Problem is neither one wants help,
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
Our family's mixed up,
There's a baby sister in the mix,
And it hurts 'cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
On every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
All the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopdy doo,
But I won't be made a fool of,
If this is true love,
You wouldn't do what,
You did last time,
You wouldn't screw up,
This time,
'cause this time girl,
I'm tellin you what,
You do it again I'm fuckin you up,
No matter what...
What you say, what you do,
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you,
No matter where you run, I'll be right there,
Right behind you, in your nightmares,
All the flowers, and the candy,
All the times that you threw it back at me,
You say you hate me, you gon' hate me more,
When you find out, can't escape me whore.
You still love me?
Take this. [2 guns cock]
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! [2 shots]
The more you, put me through, 
The more it makes me want to come back to you, 
You say you hate me, I just love you more, 
You don't want me, I just want you more, 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me, 
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy, 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on, 
'cause you love me, and I love you more.
It's sick, but who could ever predict,
We'd be doin' the same shit,
We say we do it for our baby but we don't,
We do it for us, it's lust,
'cause neither one of us trusts each other,
So we fuck 'til we bust,
Then we cuss each other, out,
We know what it's about,
Shout 'til I throw you out the house,
You throw me out the house,
I throw you on the couch,
Punch you in the mouth,
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT,
And apologize after,
Laughter, pain, it's insane,
We're back in the same chapter again,
And it's sad but it's true,
When I'm layin' here with you,
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.
The more you, put me through, 
The more it makes me want to come back to you, 
You say you hate me, I just love you more, 
You don't want me, I just want you more, 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me, 
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy, 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on, 
'cause you love me, and I love you more.
'cause I hate you, do you hate me?
Good 'cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry,
It makes me want to just take you,
And just throw you on the bed,
And fuck you like I don't even know you,
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people,
You a slut but I'm equal, I'm a mutt,
We're both evil in our ways,
But neither one of us would ever admit it,
'cause one of us would have one up on the other,
So forget it,
We can make accusations, people spread rumors,
But they ain't got proof,
'Til they do it's just the two of us,
It's you and me, 'cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
But you gotta believe me to a degree,
'cause if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it,
Yeah I would 'cause the sex is too damn good,
If I ran who would I run to,
That would be this soft and warm,
So it's off and on, usually more off than on,
But at least we know that we share this common bond,
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on,
I hope, the only reason that I cope,
Is 'cause of that fact,
And plus I can bust in that,
And that's why...
The more you, put me through, 
The more it makes me want to come back to you, 
You say you hate me, I just love you more, 
You don't want me, I just want you more, 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me, 
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy, 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on, 
'cause you love me, and I love you more.
I could never understand it,
That's why I don't try,
From junior high until we both die,
It's silly ho why must we try,
Is it really so rough,
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
Try to pull each other's legs,
Until the other begs,
We're liein' to ourselves,
That's the beauty of it yeah,
'cause we truly love each other,
That's why we always fight,
And all we do is shove each other,
Every other fuckin' night,
And it's clear it ain't gonna change,
It's pent up rage,
We both have,
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
We've both been,
Someone else's someone else,
Problem is neither one wants help,
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
Our family's mixed up,
There's a baby sister in the mix,
And it hurts 'cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
On every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
All the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopdy doo,
But I won't be made a fool of,
If this is true love,
You wouldn't do what,
You did last time,
You wouldn't screw up,
This time,
'cause this time girl,
I'm tellin you what,
You do it again I'm fuckin you up,
No matter what...
What you say, what you do,
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you,
No matter where you run, I'll be right there,
Right behind you, in your nightmares,
All the flowers, and the candy,
All the times that you threw it back at me,
You say you hate me, you gon' hate me more,
When you find out, can't escape me whore.
The more you, put me through, 
The more it makes me want to come back to you, 
You say you hate me, I just love you more, 
You don't want me, I just want you more, 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me, 
I know it's sad but it's makin me happy, 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on, 
'cause you love me, and I love you more.

###"Shake That Ass"###

Shady, aftermath
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole, I think I'm losing control
Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up
Hit the strip club don't forget once get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, blasted, puke drink up, get a new drink
Hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine
Knowin' still got a few chunks on your shoestring
Knowin' I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revibed as soon as this bitch is gyrated
And hips and licked them lips and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg and his sing some shit
Two to the one from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good trees
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessey
I've been to the muthafuckin' mountain top
Heard muthafuckers talk, seen and dropped
If I ain't got a weapon I'm a pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm a continue to rock
Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt)
I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it bout it
I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say everyday she be givin' it up
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride with it
Swish but don't spit it, swallow and I'll finish
Yeah me and Nate d-o double g
Looking for a couple bitches with some double d's
Pop a little champagne and a couple E's
Slip it in her bubbuly, we finna finna have a party
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt)
I'm lookin' for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck
Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' slut
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it 'bout it
I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can say no but she won't say no
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, will you be mine?
I heard you was freaky from a friend of mine
Now I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him that you like it from behind
Now, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
We bout' to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go ahead shake that butt)
I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it bout it
I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say everyday she be givin' it up
There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losing control
God, come one,
I ain't leavin' without you bitch
You're coming home with me
And my boy,
And his boy,
And his boy,
And his girl
Ha ha, Nate Dogg

###"Cry Now"###

Shady, old mix
Back, second round's on me
Kuniva, Cashis, Stat Quo, Bobby Creekwater
Obie Trice, what?
*** didn't kill me
Now a **** gon' get
Peel my cap back, I'm never at home
I'm somewhere with my **** restin' on a **** tongue
Sippin' on Don Perion while she's sippin' up them ****
Yeah, bet you hate the news holmes
You probably somewhere sittin' on the stoop huh
Sippin' on the **** plottin' to **** me later huh
When will a hater learn I'm too great on a song
I **** on the corner, send weight to the coroner
When courage make 'em turn performer
I transform into Uma Thurman, a dude's virgin
Continue to walk this earth's surface
I was birthed for hip-hop branch out my services
Ya try to **** this **** that's comin' from the same turf as yas
What nerves have yas
**** because your hussles ain't worth a ****
I'm gettin' rich I'm on my way to Hugh Hefner's
Dig? With a **** you in the trenches tryin' to reach it big
On another rapper's **** go on represent where you live
Know you annoyed but don't make the mistake
I'm state to state in that Honda ****, not an Accord
I'm in that Honda G4 you will never afford
And yup it's probably ease when a **** is on board
I know, cry now
I know, cry now
I know, cry now
I know
I'll be damned if I let a **** lay his hands on me
I'll lay his **** out and park a grand dam on him
The city where the weak survive and the strong die
Where beef collides **** happen and hit the wrong guy
I done seen the worst of the worst and what can be worse
Than a verse about **** dispersed up in your shirt
The streets is like a curse **** frontin' for a ****
It's like you beggin' to die like bear huntin' with a switch
A part of my heart is gone I could never smile the same
**** finger is itchy it'll take awhile to tame
Detroit is hella dirty but the dozen can fix it
Resist and the biscuit will exceed the distance
And bounce off one's home hit and riquoche off a kid's trombone
Right to where you **** lay
Obie can tell you that death is just a few inches away
Y'all shed tears but y'all can get your feel of it today
I know
I know
I know
I know
Laugh now cry never my **** is a body part
Hit him with just enough **** to make his body hard
Now I feel like we even see Creek is here
To shine a light on you **** diseasin'
Soon as I get my karma right on Lindsy Rose I'm leavin'
Load up a **** and make it dark on them heroes I'm cheesin'
**** they got snitches on the clock gotta watch what I'm sayin'
Me buy a **** a couple rocks and the watch quit playin'
Back on my greasy my neezy nobody bread whippin
And for them ****' spectators I brought the band with me
Halftime **** and grab pine you will never grab mine ****
The dolli's was lyin' when he said you was gon' be fine ****
Cashis
Witness art of war in the phyical
Since raw coke was rushed through my umbilical
And no words from cash mouth is fixin'
Ready with dope **** I'm ever dissin'
My aura of war is raw to the core
The surface of the street when I walk through the door
My purpose is to move up pull tools you perpin'
Watch me overthrow the government in my turban
Plot up and line up solo mia
Prayin' to proof I'm searchin' for Jerry Garcia
Talk to my brother gone in the streets of the D
I'm talkin' to **** and hopin' **** waitin' on me
Take the first shot then, the second round's on me
And when the wars on the other side, me and my brother ride
I don't rap for the plaques my contracts signed just for scraps
To get you wack ****
With a gun with a **** with a bat
Take a **** through the lung, get you right what you rappin' ****
I'm born crazy raised in more fame
It's the clappin' down **** for entertainment
I know, cry now
I know, cry now
I know, cry now
I know
Young stack he the **** on tuck want war
I don't give a **** till you kiss and pucker up
It'll lift 'em up believe me you'll flow
Duracell is your family heart broke
Lookin' like an artichoke vegetable
Ho's stiff **** paralyzed from the neck down
My goon stick **** turn soldiers to stick figures
Hand on **** real life born ****
We roll out like four wheelers, **** sent us
From backstabbers and gold diggers tipsy off brown liquor
Watch me obnoxious broad call me cocky
Poppin' long **** stabbed it out the box like hockey
Especially when a **** ride it like jockey
From the Benz to the range to the black Joloppy
I'm the **** the only one who ain't heard is Foxy
Formalize a plan no man can stop me ball all, Stat Quo understand
Ya copy?
I know, cry now
I know, cry now
I know, cry now
I know
Shady
It's the re-up

###"The Rebel Cry"###

I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible...
It feels so good to be back.


I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel and re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has held onto few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act
Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back

[Chorus:]
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors (c'mon)

All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yea the wetter the better
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever
They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush, until they bring our troops home (c'mon)

[Chorus]

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the oval office
Someone's tryina tell us something,
Maybe this is god just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward,
That we have empowered
This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six...
Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach alqueda through my speech
Let the president answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes its all lies
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, Mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why,
Cause I told you to fight.

[Chorus]

And as we proceed,
To Mosh through this desert storm,
In these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And Mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President, Mr. Senator
Do you guy's hear us... hear us...[laughing] (Hailie)

###"The Hip Hop Genesis"###

(Fuck all you hoes) Get a grip motherfucker.

Yeah, this album is dedicated to all the teachers that told me
I'd never amount to nothin', to all the people that lived above the
buildings that I was hustlin' in front of that called the police on
me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughters,
and all the niggaz in the struggle, you know what I'm sayin'?

Uh-ha, it's all good baby bay-bee, uh


Verse One:

It was all a dream
I used to read Word Up magazine
Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed and bamboo, sippin' on private stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke, duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born filla, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number same hood
It's all good

Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

Chorus:

You know very well who you are
Don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars
You had a go, but not that many
'cause you're the only one I'll give you good and plenty

Verse Two:

I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moet and Alize keep me pissy
Girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rappin' stuff
I was too used to packin' gats and stuff
Now honies play me close like butter played toast
From the Mississippi down to the east coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Livin' life without fear
Puttin' 5 karats in my baby girl's ears
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good

Uh... and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

Verse Three:

Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man I couldn't picture this
50 inch screen, money green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
Celebratin' every day, no more public housin'
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps a Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off, of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive
And it's all...

(It's all good)

...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh
Uh, uh... and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Uh... and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

Representin' B-Town in the house, Junior Mafia, mad flavor, uh
Uh, yeah, a-ight

###"Marshal Mathers"###

[Intro]
You know, I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody, this year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around
Like I owe 'em something
The fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck outta here!

[Hook]
You see, I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

[Verse 1]
Yo, you might see me joggin', you might see me walkin'
You might see me walkin' a dead Rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollerin' at him ‘cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin'
Or leanin' out a window with a cocked shotgun
Drivin' up the block in the car that they shot Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressin' ridiculous
Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off ‘cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this
Watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wrist watches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Startin' shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman (Goddamn it!)
An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch, retarded? Give me back my sixteen dollars!
All I see is sissies in magazines smilin'
Whatever happened to wilin' out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catchin'
A good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin'
And gettin' your shoes, coat and your hat tooken

[Bridge]
New Kids on the Block sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it

[Verse 2]
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yo)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (ha-ha)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screamin' "I don't care, just bite me!" (na-na)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little four-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear
In faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves clowns ‘cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin' Detroit, when y'all live 20 miles away (fuckin' punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin' faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck — blaow!
Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10
And I don't need help from D12 to beat up two females
In make-up who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
Slim Anus? You damn right, slim anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots

[Hook 2]
‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (You talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (Assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (Best shot at me)

[Verse 3]
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy!
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get Bizzy"
My fuckin' bitch mom's suin' for 10 million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin'
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it, bitch: Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter, {your attorney Fred Gibson's a} faggot
Talkin' about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin' and fussin' over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got ninety-some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house (Hey!)
And then to top it off I walked to the news stand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help
Um, here, "XXL! XXL!"
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Aww, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

[Hook]
‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

[Hook]
‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

###"The Kiss"###

I'm gonna kill this bitch
I'm gonna kill him
I'm going to fucking jail
'Cause I'm gonna kill this bitch
Yo man
What?
I don't know. I gotta really really bad feeling about this
Man would you shut the fuck up Gary you always gotta bad feeling man
That's her car right there
Alright let me park
Just park
I'm parkin'!
Fuckin', turn the car off dog
Alright
Alright we wait
We wait for what?
We wait until she comes out and then I'm gonna fuckin' kill her
Man you ain't gonna kill no one. What the fuck did you bring that for?
Man shut the fuck up dog
Just shut up. Fuckin' clip is empty
Man don't point that shit at me
Its not even loaded bitch, look
Dude, God I fucking hate it when you do that shit
Yeah but its funny as fuck
Fuck around and kill me one of these days I swear
Gets you every time
Is that her?
Where?
Right there motherfucker
Yeah
Alright get out, get out
Fuck, here we go again
Get out!
What the fuck you want me to get under the car?
Yo, who she walking with
How the fuck am I suppose to know, you told me to duck down
Its the fucking bouncer
Did she just kiss him
I don't think so
Dog, she just fucking kissed him
No she didn't
She's kissing him
No she's not
Oh shit

###"Drop The Bomb On 'em"###

[Eminem]
Yeah boy,
dem better to ring the alarm boy,
Dem know what's coming boy,

[Verse 1]
Oh my God, fucking Bomboclat
I'm hard as Kenard, the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire,
Tie a whore up with barbwire, nothing but a bra boy,
I'm the real deal, and charbroil her on the bonfire,
And Bon Voyage bitch, I'm like Chef Boyar-
-dee in this bitch; send a bomb to my moms lawyer
Im a problem for ya, boy you think your Tom Sawyer,
Til I pull you out the fucking story book and stomp on ya,
Fucking fictitional characters and fariytales,
Prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris Wheels,
But it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real
Them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero shield
Mister fly-by-the-seat-of-his-pants parasail
Fall, hit the trampoline, bounce and grab a pair of stilts
And I aint wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada,
Like you fa'da fucking you're ma'da

[Chorus]
Drop the bomb on em,
Please don't drop the bomb on me,
Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on them,
I don't want no doggone beef,
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me,
Drop the bomb on em,
Please don't drop the bomb on me,
Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on em
I dont want the dog on me,
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me,

[Verse 2]
Boy, I'm the real McCoy,
You little boys can't even fill voids,
Party's over kids, kill the noise,
Here come the kill joys,
Me and Dre the steel alloys,
The rap crown royals,
Who scalp cowboys
Now how that sound for ya,
Yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya,
So kick ya shoes off in the foyer
Have a sound voyage,
And sayonara see ya fuckers tommorow,
Get some R and R and marinate in some marinara,
And have a coke and a smile, dont make me open a jar,
Whip ass on ya, thats the last straw your hoping to draw,
Yeah you fresher than most boy, I'm just doper than all boy,
Boy I'm that boy, boy them boys boy them no up to par,
I just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot,
There aint no boy who can do what I do boy I'm a star,
Boy, I told you boy, I'm a Soldier boy, I'm DeShaun,
Holten in this bitch, I'm the Proof boy your a fraud,
I'll destroy ya boy, fuck around and blow ya to sod
Oh my god boy, you didn't go there, no you did not,
I got a whole story board for you, boy your da plot,
Your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not,
Apology not accepted boy, Detroit is a rock,
We get to beefing, aint no telling at what point it will stop,
All I got to do is point to the spot,
When the bomb drops boy does it drop,
And when it does boy there's a problem,

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Boy dont jinx yourself,
Boy I'm Michael Spinks with the belt,
Stringer Bell boy, my name rings bells for itself,
I'm sick as hell boy,
You better run and tell someone else,
Bringing hell, boy singing telegrams will get dealt,
And to that boy on them sedative meds
Who said he was better,
I bet he never seen Freddie in a Black and red little sweater,
Back better than ever,
The chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder
I'll settle vendettas a little later,
Giving haters incubators, think ya made a mistake,
By saying shady was ghost I aint even close the gate
You 'bout one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave,
Im bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day
So hey wouldn't you say I'm the shit,
Couldn't agree with ya more, If you were to say that my fuckin shit doesn't stink,
Shady fuckin' Aftermath boy, the ship doesn't sink,
It just floats in the fucking water, till we fill up the tank,

###"Get Low"###

Yeah!
Stat quo
Doc Dre
I representin the A town
A town
Aye aye aye
I'm comin' from the A town
A town
Shady Aftermath

Yeah
Once again it's on
Em, stat now alive
And this motherfucker on
The ho's get naked
Soon as the song comes on
The niggas get reckless
It's off the chain
It's on
It's papa speakers
Knockin' crowds off the floor
They jockin' and watchin
When I walks through the door
It's him
Tell a friend
But you already know
Act stupid and lose it
Don't fuck with quo
I'm kind of different
Not the usual
Sippin' cognac between two beautiful
Two bitches at the club
Talk shit at your funeral
I came to get a buzz and crunk
Understand yo
It's crowded in back
He's jumpin
God damn it's slow
I'm cooler than cool
Cause my temperature is thirty below
I'm checkin' the scene for new c***
Droppin' it low
Shakin' they ass
Backin' it up
Fast or slow

You know this thing don't stop till I say so
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the floor
You know this club don't close till I say so
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the flow
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the floor
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the floor

It goes three two one shortie
That's what's up
At the bar lookin sober
But I'm high as fuck
And as far as yall who be actin' tough
I'm in the spot with the glock
Please believe it's tough
We ready we sweaty
It's hot
It's off the chain
We macin' and spewin
Please miss tell me what's ya name
The way you move and them jeans
Made me happy you came
I'm tryin' to get to know ya
Possibly get some brain
I need pinky rings
I'm the man of your dreams
Your life if you wanna be wifey
And join my team
So I can support you
And support you by any means
Nah
I ain't givin' you none of my things
But we can leave the club tonight
Hit the telly
And fuck
Long as you know when I bust
I'm in the dust
Ain't no children
It ain't nothing nothing for us to discuss
Except what time your ride pickin' you up

You know this thing don't stop till I say so
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the floor
You know this club don't close till I say so
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the flow
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the floor
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the floor

Turn that ass around
Go on and do somethin do somethin girl
Girl touch the ground
Now drop drip low yeah
Now drop drip low yeah
Now drop drip low yeah

Re-up style

###"Ski Mask Way"###

Yeah, I'm trying to catch me something
A little jux or something
Nigga that watch is nice, that's what you bought for me?
That chain is nice, that's what you bought for me?
Them earrings is nice, that's what you bought for me?
Take that shit off, move, I'll break you off properly
I get mine the fast way, the ski mask way
Make money, make money money money
Nigga if you ask me, this the only way
Take money, take money money money
You wanna spray at me go ahead; the last nigga that tried
Got hit, keeled over, and bled 'til he died
Your little sister calling you stupid, reason why?
Her and your momma in the living room now hogtied
I came up with two new ways to get rich, I can't wait
Got a brand new SIG and that old .38
I be scheming to put a little bread on my plate
Watching dread serve skunk through a hole in the gate
I stick a nigga for his shine, sell him back the next day
You thought I really wanted your pussy? Bitch please
This is stashhouse, jackpot, there go them ki's
My black G-Unit hoodie just reek with marijuana
Cocaine coming out my pores in the sauna
I'm serious, man, I'm so sincere
This the flow right here that fucked up Jeffrey's career
Make money, take money, yeah nigga, yeah!
Nigga that watch is nice, that's what you bought for me?
That chain is nice, that's what you bought for me?
Them earrings is nice, that's what you bought for me?
Take that shit off, move, I'll break you off properly
I get mine the fast way, the ski mask way
Make money, make money money money
Nigga if you ask me, this the only way
Take money, take money money money
Who's that peeping in my window, wow, the Feds on me now
They know when I'm sleeping, they know when I'm wake
I know they got my phone tapped, I'm screaming fuck Jake
I'm trying to stay out them pens, so I switched states
Bad News, VA, now that sounds great
I see niggas with that ice on, rims shined up
This town's one big pussy, waiting to get fucked
I holla at AI peoples to get gats
They charge me 500 apiece for two MACs
Then I'm back doing me, I'm back out on a spree
Catch me a nigga slipping out, pumping that D
Get me a little crew I'll have 'em pumping for me
The more product I take the more paper we see
Change my name in NY, they don't know where I be
Yeah a nigga doing dirt, but a nigga low key
Nigga that watch is nice, that's what you bought for me?
That chain is nice, that's what you bought for me?
Them earrings is nice, that's what you bought for me?
Take that shit off, move, I'll break you off properly
I get mine the fast way, the ski mask way
Make money, make money money money
Nigga if you ask me, this the only way
Take money, take money money money

###"Spend Some Time"###

If there's any bitches in this room
Then there's somethin' I gotta say
For all the fools
Who fell for the first
Girl who comes their way
I been down that road, and now I'm back
Sittin' on square one
Tryin' to pick myself up,
Where I started from
I never woulda thought that I'd see you out of control
Even though, my penis was deep down in your hoe
You should know between us we was like mates
Nothing could intervene us especially no hoes
You was more so the shalon type I chose
To more shows, haunted you nights
I suppose that's how it goes,
With time spent emotion grows
In the beginning friends, we decided to roll
So who's responsible when you get excited, explode
And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold
But bitches they gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate
We established this way before we became mates
So what's required is that you chill with all that fire
Get your desire when I retire
Spend some time with me
I never thought that I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right cause you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me
I used to say I never met a girl like you before
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
'Til you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers
Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls
If you re-call I used to treat you like a groupie broad
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelery off
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off
It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on
You started gettin' moody on me pretty soon we'd argue
And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me
And who'd even knew that, who would of even thought possibly
Cupid could shoot another one of them god-damned darts at me
It's true that I got shot in the heart
But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are
But see, when you're in it, it's to hard to see
'Til you pull up and see some other dudes car parked
And reach up under your seat as your heart starts to beat
Before you make a decision that's life altering
And just as you haul and you turn and you start to leave
You hear them words echoing almost haunting
That taunting ring
Spend some time with me
I never thought that I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right cause you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me
In most cases Stats attitude is fuck a bitch
My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch
But you was different thought we shared a covenant
Even held your hand in public
We suffering because of this
Shorty on some whole 'nother other shit
Tryin' to play slick, thinkin' I'm gonna trick off rip
I'll admit, I was caught in the mix dyin' to commit
Feed you the best of me I should have fed you piss
We started off closer than close,
But who could have predicted to know your triflin' ways
Would of stopped our growth
And the final result, back in that same boat
I ask myself do I love these hos? Nope!
Em introduced us
Fifty this is Tanya, Tanya this is fifty
Then slid off and left her to kick it with me
I complimented her, I said you had very nice lips
With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick
We played the phone game, a week later shit changed fast
Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass
Downtown Manhattan on the balcony stare at the skyline
Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind
She got to talkin', talkin' like a opportunist too
Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move?
Says she's an inspiring actress she do videos for practice
Yeah, Yeah, now how many times I heard that shit
Spend some time with me
I never thought that I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right cause you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me

###"The Way I Am"###

Man, whatever
Dre just let it run
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
Ayo, this song is for anyone
Fuck it, just shut up and listen, ayo
I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this—on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension
Dispensing these sentences, getting this stress
That's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
To not come and speak to me, I don't know you
And no, I don't owe you a mothafuckin' thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick if you tempt me
My tank is on empty, no patience is in me
And if you offend me, I'm lifting you ten feet in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you, I don't mean to be mean
But that's all I can be, it's just me
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense
It's constant, and, "Oh, it's his lyrical content
The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses."
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at!
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city havin' this happening
Then attack Eminem ‘cause I rap this way
But I'm glad, ‘cause they feed me the fuel that I need
For the fire to burn, and it's burning, and I have returned
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is"
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
To cop me rotation at rock-n-roll stations
And I just do not got the patience
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
‘Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
So they always keep asking the same fucking questions
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearin' it out
‘Cause they driving me crazy, I can't take it
I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit
In the bathroom without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign you an autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

###"Smack That"###

Shady, Konvict, Upfront
Akon, Slim Shady
I see the one, could she be that lady?
I feel you creepin', I can see you from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like Tae Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Upfront style, ready to attack now
Pull in the parking lot slow with the 'Lac down
Konvict's got the whole thing packed now
Step in the club now and wardrobe intact now!
I feel it down and cracked now (ooh)
I see it dull and backed now
I'm gonna call her, than I put the mack down
Money no problem, pocket full of that now!
I feel you creeping, I can see you from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like Tae Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oooh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oooh
Ooh, looks like another club banger
They better hang on when they throw this thang on
Get a lil' drink on, they gonna flip for this Akon shit
You can bank on it
Pedicure, manicure, kitty-cat claws
The way she climbs up and down them poles
Looking like one of them Putty-Cat Dolls
Tryin' to hold my woodie back through my drawers
Steps upstage, didn't think I saw
Creeps up behind me, she's like "YOU'RE -"
I'm like, "Yeah, I know, let's cut to the chase"
No time to waste, back to my place
Plus from the club to the crib it's like a mile away
Or more like a palace, shall I say
And plus I got a pal if your gal is game
In fact he is the one singing the song that's playin' (Akon!)
I feel you creeping, I can you see from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like Tae Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oooh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oooh
Eminem is rollin', D and 'em rollin'
Bo and all marvelous them rollin'
Women just hoein', big booty rollin'
Soon I'll be all in them and throwing D
Hitting no less than three
Block wheel style like whee
Girl, I can tell you want me, 'cause lately
I feel you creeping, I can see you from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like Tae Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oooh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'till you get sore
Smack that, oh-oooh

###"97 Bonnie & Clyde"###

Just the two of us.. [8X]

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. [4X]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby


